we humans are born with an innate
curiosity if you don't believe me ask
google most of the questions people
search start with a word
why why is the sky blue why do birds
stand on one leg because it's easier to
roller-skate that way pat just kidding
so care to learn the answers to the most
common why's here you go one brace
yourself for an awful disappointment
flamingos are born gray but their
feathers turn pink later on because of a
natural pink dye the birds get it from
their diet which consists of blue green
algae and brine shrimp to each bic pen
has two tiny holes in it to keep the air
pressure equal outside and inside it
helps the ink move toward the tip three
snails aren't as harmless and cute as
you might have thought who thought
snails were cute
snails have anywhere from one thousand
to fourteen thousand tiny sharp teeth
for the Marmite company which produces
spreads made from yeast extract created
a special travel sized jar the reason
for this shake up was the fact that
Marmite became one of the most
complicated things when travelers were
leaving the UK through airports five in
Canada you can legally pay for your
purchases in coins featuring Superman in
2015 they produce three hundred fifty
thousand coins with Superman on the
heads six you probably notice that most
manholes as well as their covers are
round first of all this shape is easier
to manufacture secondly manhole covers
can weigh up to 249 pounds and they're
round shape makes it easier for road
workers to move them from one spot to
another spoiler they just roll the heavy
metal discs and finally round manholes
can resist the compression of the earth
around them the most effectively
seven the Rubik's Cube might be even
trickier than you thought
after all it took ernõ Rubik the creator
of the famous cube a staggering one
month to solve it on the other hand in
June 2018 the record time was already
4.2 two seconds and I haven't even
solved mine yet eight leap day which is
February 29 is absolutely necessary to
keep the calendar on track our planet
doesn't orbit the Sun in exactly 365
days and the leap day compensates for
the Earth's not so perfect orbit number
nine square watermelons cultivated in
Japan we're supposed to fit better
inside small fridges and be easier to
stack so to stay in this unusual shape
square watermelons have to be picked
before they're ripe which makes them
inedible on the other hand you can use
them to decorate something for example
your kitchen 10 yikes stripes stripes
serve as camouflage for Tigers
effectively hiding them from other
animals but the most curious thing is
that Tigers have not only striped fur
but striped skin as well what's more no
two Tigers have the same striped pattern
which makes stripes something like human
finger prints 11 in the past men's dress
shirt collars were detachable it helped
people save money on laundry costs after
all the collar is the part of the shirt
that gets dirty the fastest and most
often twelve sunsets on Mars are blue
which has to do with the Martian air or
rather with a fine dust floating in it
this dust is just the right size for the
blue light to penetrate the air more
freely than the light of other colors
interestingly this works only in the
direction of the Sun and the rest of the
sky meanwhile remains orange or yellow
13 ever heard the word footage related
to filmmaking it goes back to the early
times of cinematography when they
measured films in feet while editing
them 14 you see the sky as blue because
this color travels in smaller shorter
ways as a result it gets scattered
around more than the other colors and
you can enjoy the sapphire-blue
of the cloudless sky 15 you can easily
make a steak from a watermelon what's
this thing with watermelons lately
anyway the thing is that when you bake a
watermelon most of the liquid inside
evaporates and it's textures change
dramatically as a result it starts to
resemble raw fish or even a piece of
meat there are different methods of
cooking watermelons and depending on the
one you choose it can take you from
several minutes to a couple of hours to
get the end result now have you ever
cooked something really unusual share
your experience in the comment section
below
really sixteen bringing one leg up to
their body helps birds keep warm when
it's chilly outside this way they
reduced the amount of heat that
otherwise gets lost through their
unfeathered legs by half 17th the
northern leopard frog is the scariest
creature I've ever heard of it swallows
its prey with the help of its eyes this
amphibian can press its eyes deep down
into its mouth and this movement helps
the frog to swallow
by the way this tactic is also used by
some other frog and toad species I think
my brother-in-law can do that too 18
clouds may look light and fluffy but in
fact they're anything but that
researchers have discovered that one
cloud can weigh more than 1 million
pounds they've come to this conclusion
after calculating the clouds water
density and multiplying this number by
the volume of a cloud kinda makes you
think twice about standing under one of
them now doesn't it 19 in Singapore
you'll find the world's tallest vending
machine where you can buy a car the
unusual 15 story vending machine is
filled with high-end used cars by
navigating a touchscreen on the ground
floor
you can browse through the cars and as
soon as you choose the one you're
interested in it'll arrive within a
couple of minutes after you buy it you
can either have your new baby delivered
or pick it up right there at the vending
machine 21 of those weird questions
people are super curious about is why is
my cat afraid of cucumbers well first
cats are cautious and alert animals and
when a cucumber manages to sneak up on
them of course they get terrified
secondly it's likely the cat's
instinctively associate cucumbers with
snakes because of how elongated and
green they are but one thing worth
mentioning is do not try to scare your
cat with cucumbers it's a big stress for
your pet be nice 21 you can't bring your
pooch along if you travel to Antarctica
since April 1994 all dogs have been
banned from this continent because they
could infect seals with diseases that
they aren't immune to 22 you don't
sneeze in your sleep simply because your
brain shuts down this reflex while
you're slumbering 23 science hasn't
figured out for sure why people yawn but
yawning might be a special mechanism
which helps your brain cool down
as for why yawning is contagious it
still remains a mystery 24 the brain is
the fattest organ in your body because
it's composed of approximately 60% fat
oh and by the way your brain generates
more than 23 watts of power when it's
away 25 from the 1920s to the 1970s shoe
stores in the USA UK Canada Germany
Switzerland and South Africa used x-ray
machines to measure people shoe size it
wasn't until the second half of the 20th
century that people realized how
dangerous radiation was and stop this
practice 26 super powerful earthquakes
can make days shorter because they move
the spin of the Earth's axis for example
in 2011 an earthquake in Japan cut your
days down by 1.8 microseconds and the
ravaging Sumatra earthquake of 2004 cost
you six point eight microseconds well
we've lost enough time here so let's
move on 27 yellow is the color that is
the easiest to spot even in the darkness
that's why taxis and school buses are
mostly this shade 28 the Eiffel Tower
isn't totally straight what I mean is
that the construction tends to lean away
from the Sun because the metal it's made
of heats up and expands as a result the
tower can move as much as seven inches
twenty-nine
however unbelievable it may sound a cats
purr starts in its brain and only after
that the brain sends orders to accounts
throat muscles which then start to make
25 to 150 vibrations a second as for why
cats purr the reasons vary a lot from
feeling happy or healing themselves to
being frightened or threatened 30 ants
might be way more social than you
thought sometimes ant colonies unite and
form super colonies for example you can
find one such colony in Japan more than
306 million workers
and almost 1 million queen ants live
there but that's not all
sometimes super colonies unite and turn
into what mega colonies
excuse me one of them covers three
continents the west coast of Japan
California and the Mediterranean coast
in Europe this mega colony which is
inhabited by billions of ants is the
most populated animal society ever
recorded 31 don't take the assumption
that light travels at the speed of well
light for granted the slowest light ever
moved at only 38 miles per hour it
happened when it traveled through ultra
cold atomic gas I think this is a good
place to stop when we start talking
about gas I might end up saying all
sorts of things so hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life